Okay. Now, this is week
number 1 of the course.
In week number 1,
we'll talk about
different hardware components
for a computer system.
There are many
different components
within a computer system.
We have different applications
installed on an operating system,
which has different
device drivers
to drive different
hardware components.
In general we say that how we are
components are the physical,
tangible pieces that we can
actually see and touch
of a computer system.
So what can computers do?
In summary, we say that
computers can
acquire information,
store information,
manipulate information
and share information.
Computers can do them quickly,
reliably, cheaply,
and also tirelessly.
That's why we can categorize
hardware components into
four different types;
for acquiring information,
storing information,
processing information, and
also sharing information.
For input devices, we
have, for example,
keyboard and mouse for input.
For output devices, we have,
for example, printer
and monitor for output.
For processing, we
have CPU and also GPU.
For storage, if you talk about
volatile storage, we have RAM.
If we're talking about
permanent storage,
we have, for example,
SD card and also hard disc
for permanent storage.
In this module we will talk
about all these
hardware components.